README.md, before:

# Impact

![Code quality check](https://github.com/toman222/Impact/workflows/Code%20quality%20check/badge.svg)

An incremental game skeleton. Very much WIP.

![screenshot](/.github/images/screenshot_1.png?raw=true)

Play the current version [here](https://impact.tobot.tech/).
Play around with the development version [here](https://dev.impact.tobot.tech/).

## Requirements

Built with Node.js.

Developed with the help of vercel, and its command line tool.

## Usage

- `npm run format` - Auto-format the codebase.
  - `npm run lint` - Check if codebase conforms to prettier standard.
  - `npm run test` - Check if codebase is ready for commit.
- `npm run dev` - Start a development server at `localhost:3000` and watch for code changes.
  - `npm run build` - Create a production build.
  - `npm run start` - Host the latest production build at `localhost:3000`

## Dependencies

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JS, but typesafe
- ["Fira Code" font family](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Code) - Console font

## Acknowledgements

This entire thing is adapted from [deciduously's](https://github.com/deciduously/impact) prototype, translated to TypeScript as best as I could and built upon after that.

Commit message:

Rename from Impact to Necro Remove spacey things

README.md, after:

# Necromancy Game (Working Title)

![Code quality check](https://github.com/toman222/Necromancy/workflows/Code%20quality%20check/badge.svg)

An incremental game skeleton. Very much WIP.

![screenshot](/.github/images/screenshot_1.png?raw=true)

Play the current version [here](https://necro.tobot.tech/).
Play around with the development version [here](https://dev.necro.tobot.tech/).

## Requirements

Built with Node.js.

Developed with the help of [vercel](https://vercel.com/), and its command line tool.

## Usage

- `npm run format` - Auto-format the codebase.
  - `npm run lint` - Check if codebase conforms to prettier standard.
  - `npm run test` - Check if codebase is ready for commit.
- `npm run dev` - Start a development server at `localhost:3000` and watch for code changes.
  - `npm run build` - Create a production build.
  - `npm run start` - Host the latest production build at `localhost:3000`

## Dependencies

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JS, but typesafe
- ["Fira Code" font family](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Code) - Console font

## Acknowledgements

Originally adapted from [deciduously's](https://github.com/deciduously/impact) prototype, translated to TypeScript as best as I could and then built upon after that.
